In the last lecture we started working on that producer but we get stuck when we wanted to retrieve
the data.
We probably passed with the action once we dispatch it for days on end and you fall into my shopping
list folder no name and shopping list Daut actions Dot.
Yes.
Though you could of course also add to the reducers file.
I'd simply like adding a new fall here to keep it clearly separated even though that adds quite a lot
of falls to that whole setup to make this a bit easier and is purely optional.
I'll add a new subdirectory to shopping list which all names store.
You could all name it.
And you are x to indicated here you only got files related to state management.
So move my actions fall and my reducers fall into their.
That of course means that users fall.
The import of the ingredient model has to be adjusted by moving up one for relevel.
So back to the actions I created a new file.
And here I first of all want to import D.S. object from Ed and our X store as we did before in the reducers
file.
Now I again want to export a constant till ready tears.
Let me move it from the reducers file into the actions file.
This constant add ingredient.
Now I won't stop here though.
Now export a class to an unnamed class and ingredient.
Not all characters are uppercase here.
That's an Avro convention.
Name your classes like this starting with an uppercase character and at the beginning each new word
in the overall name with the uppercase character but keep the average character as normal.
Here I will implement action as an interface because this is what it is in the end.
So now I have this dishcloths and since I import excuse me implement action I am forced to provide a
read only type property which in this case here will be an ingredient list constant So this string here
in the end this one and any two definer or provide a read only type because that's the one thing ection
gave me.
Remember we hit this problem in the last lecture.
Now I know that an intermediate is actually an action which shouldn't Chesed have a type to be able
to find out that it is.
This type of action but also given me a payload so some additional data I can pass with it and I have
to add this manually because not every action might require a payload and ngi or X doesn't want to force
me to have one.
If you do need one like we do here you can simply add it by adding a number property cutis class which
all name payload.
And in this case it should be of type Ingredion because that is what I want to add.
Make sure to import your model here.
So now I have to payload property here Q And I'm exporting this class.
Now finally I want to bundle all actions as set up in this file and right now it's only one Buddle become
more in one single export type I export and type is just typescript feature we can use we can find our
own type.
In this case it shall be a shopping list actions type that seems like a fitting name.
Which in this case is only add and dreariest.
So I'm using the type of this class and I'm exporting it here on a shopping list actions.
Again this is useful once we start adding more actions.
Now with that back to the reducer let's work on that.